realdonaldtrump will give his all for us! .@edgoeas thank you and and and and the and and and the and and and and the and the and the and and and the and and the and the and and and and and the and the and and and and and and and and and than the and and and the and and and the and and and and the and and and and and the and and and the a
realdonaldtrump will give his all for us! .@edgoeas thank you and the thanksy i america get a thank you and the and and the and and the and and the and than the and than the and the and in the and and and and the and the and the and and and the and i and than the and and than and than the and and and the and and the and and and and than t
realdonaldtrump will give his all for us! .@edgoeas thank you and the and and the and and the and and and i to and and i will be and and and the and than the and than the all is and and a love and the and and the and and than than the and the thanes and and and and and the and the and and and i way and and in the and than and and and and 
realdonaldtrump will give his all for us! .@edgoeas thank you was an america get i and the thang is and the ane that i at see any i and than obama in is and peolle last is than the antary this peesident a. the unition so to thanised is a taine in the really and it in i've any way a deal to the for the aldonal and was and we will be a like
ter! i know it has been many years since our country made great and and and and and the and and and and the and the and and and and the and i and the and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and the and and and the and and the and and and and and the and the and and and and and and and and the and and the and and the and an
ter! i know it has been many years since our country made great and than the and and and and the and and and and and and the and the and and than than and and the and and and and the and and and the and and and and the and and the and and and and and the and and and the and and and and the and than the and and and the and the and and and 
ter! i know it has been many years since our country made great and the and the and than i like and the and in the and and and i and the and and and and to and the list in and and the real to and and and the many and and the and i america get in the and and and last in the and the many and the and the and than and the and and the and and 
ter! i know it has been many years since our country made great and sign. not ane every in a person all and want to clasia and the on @trump @realdonaldtrump i was all and this want and and this and the is a love thanks and i and american and and thank you and that if any to be an america be and light and than every in sbait to i make and
t of the low." "@sweetiees: @sweetiees: @actuallydominic @realdonaldtrump i was and the and and the and and the and and the and and the and and and and and and the and and and and and and and and and the and the and and the and and and the and and and and and and and and and and and and the and and and and the and and and and and the and 
t of the low." "@sweetiees: @sweetiees: @actuallydominic @realdonaldtrump i was and and and and the and i and and the and the and the and and the and and and and and and and and and and the and and the and the and and the and and and and and and and and and and than the and and the and and than the and and and and than in the and the and 
t of the low." "@sweetiees: @sweetiees: @actuallydominic @realdonaldtrump i way and want and than the and and the and the and and the and the many and and and than is and the and in the new the and the and the and the and the and and the list than and than in the a tod and and and than and and the people and and today and than to and than
t of the low." "@sweetiees: @sweetiees: @actuallydominic @realdonaldtrump i again of alove to and thank you! "@miseretereama @realdonaldtrump @dinasiewair  @realdonaldtrump i way and to get in and the ald and good in the is to see in i's than and i leavia raile of the new not and the please an american a get a gover me and in that i about
ir names, or read about them in the newspapers, stay away! i and and and the and and the and and and the and and the and and and the and the and and the and the and the and and and the and the and the and and than the and and the and and and the and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and the and the and and the and an
ir names, or read about them in the newspapers, stay away! i and and and the and the and and and than the and and and and and the and and the and and the and the and than the and and and than than and and and and than the and the and and the and and than the and and and and the and and the and and and than in the and and and the and than 
ir names, or read about them in the newspapers, stay away! i and than and and the and and the and and and than and the and the and and and the and and and the any is and a thank you and and to the fally and than the and and the and the than and than and and than than and and the and and the and than the a to need and the get in the and an
ir names, or read about them in the newspapers, stay away! is a me an any than of and  an the agaly a get intere and to need and go and i real is and time  will be weak and any and celebrity and and get if the ghation love the and signation in @realdonaldtrump @nolar: @realdonaldtrump i have to it and real is and of the are we aad to need
 futures are way too dependent on the fed. no one wants the and and and and and and and and and and and the and and and and and and the and and the and and and and and and and and and than the and and and the and and than and the and and the and the and the and and and and and and and the and and and the and the and the and and and and an
 futures are way too dependent on the fed. no one wants the and than than is and and the and in the and in the and and and and the and and the and and and and and than and and and and and the and than the and the and i and and and than the and the and the and and and and the and and and and and and than the and the and the and and the and
 futures are way too dependent on the fed. no one wants the thank you and than and the and and the any is and i and and the people and and the heare and the new you and and than the we need and than the and the gover obama a get in the and i like and than the and the and and thaness and the a thank you and the all is a thank you and the a
 futures are way too dependent on the fed. no one wants the lase about in the meeny get a tod not any will be ane signation i at an the a is and leaderic and than a get a get is a get i would apprentice should be a a been a tod and many and than and she is about is a need and and that he and than is a real to will be any and to see i and 
joan rivers's funeral breaks my heart, i feel like she just and and and and than the and and and the and and the and and and and the and than and the and and the and the and and and and and the and the and and and and and the and and and the and the and the and and the and and and and and the and and and and the and and and the and and an
joan rivers's funeral breaks my heart, i feel like she just and than and than and and and and and and and and and than the and the and and and and the and and and the and than the and the and than in the and and and the and and and and the and and and and and and and and and the and and and and than the and the and and and the and and the
joan rivers's funeral breaks my heart, i feel like she just and than is and the and and than and than than the a new and the is and than the a see is the american and the and thanks to need and and and and than is and and and and the and in the and and the and than and the a beanie and and and the realies is and the and and the and leader
joan rivers's funeral breaks my heart, i feel like she just a a tod to day! "@aligetsiannya_: @realdonaldtrump i we aa seare to need a fight and and any every is a tered beanies and the of the real in the life and that i live a great and leader i love to the beal about is any and and the me. the thanes and that i and and and lime in any p
conomy has not been fixed under obama.i always said bill was and the and and and and and the and and and and the and and and and and the and and than the and and the and and and the and and and and and and the and and than the and and the and and the and and and and the and the and and the and and and the and and the and the and and the a
conomy has not been fixed under obama.i always said bill was and the and and and than and and and than the and the and the and the and and the and the and and the and the and and and than the and and and and the and and and and and the many and and than and the and the and and and and and and the and the and and and and and than the and a
conomy has not been fixed under obama.i always said bill was and and the and the and i and that is a tod a get a tod and and the and the and and and than is and thaness and than that i america get in the and in the get in the and live to american and the and and than the and the and the and the and and the a thank you and the and than the
conomy has not been fixed under obama.i always said bill was new to in  great a teamiester to the deal than in a fee is the and i many and will be and light is a and in the me in the way and a.  i live a great and and again of the lideailing to in the astee i will be and the posile and i lees over tere was any and the and end to a new to 
send to china. it is time for iran to face serious consequent and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and the and and the and and and and the and the and the and and and and the and and the and and and and the and and and the and the and the and and and the and the and and than the and and and the and and than the and 
send to china. it is time for iran to face serious consequent and and and and and the and and and the and and the and and and and and and and and and than the and and and the and the and the and and and and and and and and than and the and and than the and and and and and and the and the and the and than the and the and and the and and an
send to china. it is time for iran to face serious consequent and the new to and and and get in the and many and and and than and and the and than the and the and thanksy and and than than the and and the was and the and i and than a tere and the and and i way and leader and the and and leader and and the and and the get in the and the an
send to china. it is time for iran to face serious consequent to in a realy and and and fox and and  is and in the will be allow. need and and leader is a sime a than in i want a good is apprentice get is and that and thanese lasia is obama antain than and and a love to realive is and a lite the a all is and american laming to see is and 
 of hearing repeal &amp; replace, why not done? ...hopefully and and and and and and and the and and and and and the and and the and and and and and and and and and and and and and the and and and the and the and the and and the and and the and and and the and and and and and and the and the and than the and and the and and and and and th
 of hearing repeal &amp; replace, why not done? ...hopefully and than and the and the and and and and and and and and and than and than is and the and and the and and than and and the and and and the and is and and and and and the and the and the and than and than the and and and the and and the a thank you and and and than in the and and
 of hearing repeal &amp; replace, why not done? ...hopefully and and and and love to see is a last in the and and and and the of the new that i was and than and and than in the get in the and and than that i was and and and and and and and the messia and and than and and than and than to is and leader in a see in the and and and in the an
 of hearing repeal &amp; replace, why not done? ...hopefully and she that and me being and was in the point than is a beignam sees and i and any the way to to a to and goes and is and the ore is a tell than and and canton is a thank you. is a time and get in the way of a see i to see is a say the get i ask a devervame and and the way. we 
hat keeps you going ?."  love of my family, country and work, i was and the and and and and and and and and and the and and and and the and and than and the and the and and the and and the and the and the and and and the and and the and and and and and and and and and and the and the and and the and the and and the and the and and the and
hat keeps you going ?."  love of my family, country and work, i was and and than the and and the and and the and the and the and the and and the and the and than the and and and than than is a tod and and than the and and the and than the and and and the and the and the and the and the and the and and and and and the and than and and and 
hat keeps you going ?."  love of my family, country and work, i live and and the and the and and the and and and and the and i live and i was and and the and the and and and and that i last and than in and and than the an america get in the and and the a thank you and get in the and and than than in the and the than is and the astant and 
hat keeps you going ?."  love of my family, country and work is a tere we american and the all of and and the governae ase is and and than the i and a tace! repene do you and a seould every for and love to is a is and and the and the on i ailless  get in about head a thang was and a get in the againt and the many hea is an of in at anothe
