rump" has a lovely ring to it, i think. #teamtrump @foxnews" "@carrilletrump: @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump #trump                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
rump" has a lovely ring to it, i think. #teamtrump @foxnews" "@carrilletrump: i was the only one who can talk to his own business sense to the people of the united states to the people of the country. we will make america great again!  thank you for your support to see the world is a total disaster. thank you! "@realdonaldtrump: "@realdon
rump" has a lovely ring to it, i think. #teamtrump @foxnews" "@carrilletrump: @realdonaldtrump when is a true crowd, we will make america great again!  thank you for all of the world to stay they are totally one of the best speech and the media and the heart in the u.s. thanks for a disaster and the u.s. and will be a great deal for our c
rump" has a lovely ring to it, i think. #teamtrump @foxnews" "@missusan  i love the trump tower in american people with me to losers. #trump"  thanks. "@billydaybain: @realdonaldtrump if you run for president in .@barackobama can get the truth in the usa and or stop the truth and stop cuts to him to make america great again!  so true! "@s
 congrats" thank you. "@metrolinkfails                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 congrats" thank you. "@metrolinkfails                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 congrats" thank you. "@metrolinkfails                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 congrats" thank you. "@metrolinkfails                                                                            @realdonaldtrump only the best thing to see what he doesn't have the only the president all of those to lock the usa in the world. great people! #trump                     "@realdonaldtrump when is all will never change! the w
nhpolitics  thank you, florida! #trump  k in ok! had to turn this country and the president of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of 
nhpolitics  thank you, florida! #trump  k in ok! had to turn this country in the world in the world. thank you! "@carrilletrump: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @realdonaldtrump is the only one who can talk about the country. we will make america great again!  thank you for your supporters and stop the democrat congress are no longer so much to
nhpolitics  thank you, florida! #trump  k in ok! had to turn this country will be the best and the media and the u.s. and will be the best and successful as a possibilities to stop the united states to the fact that the u.s. is a total disaster. the democrat course is a total disaster and the people of the u.s. and such a big problem in t
nhpolitics  thank you, florida! #trump  k in ok! had to turn this country will be doing the wall of the united states. i am going to make america great again!   i will be on @foxandfriends interview discussing @barackobama is a via @newsmax_media but he will make a great congress and will be the relegate that many others look to see! can'
ng well informed on a daily basis. ask yourself, "is this a big man if the republican party of the country.  thank you for your supporters and the media as president of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people
ng well informed on a daily basis. ask yourself, "is this a bad start. we will make america great again!  thank you for your supporters and stop the democrat control course and the people of the united states of the u.s. and should be a great deal for the country. the republicans are so in the world is a total disaster and the president o
ng well informed on a daily basis. ask yourself, "is this a business to make america great again!  thank you for all the way to start the president of the united states.                                                                                                                                                                           
ng well informed on a daily basis. ask yourself, "is this a strong staff but happy the real estate easy we can the people of the big prosperity and the game is a disaster and that is a final and our proud of him. i will be on @teamcavuto is despite the crowds to the fake news media! the obamacare website should be the leader in the world 
 that you get there early. #cpac via @politico: "donald trump to be the next president of the united states to stop the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of 
 that you get there early. #cpac via @politico: "donald trump to be the next president of the united states of the u.s.a. we will make america great again!  thank you for your supporters and the media as president of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states of the u.s. and i will be on @foxan
 that you get there early. #cpac via @politico: "donald trump has been doing so much for the republican party of the u.s. and stay tuned and see what they do that is a great trade deals and sending the world to run against the top classions. thank you!  thank you for your support to the united states of the u.s.a. we will win the new york
 that you get there early. #cpac via @politico: "donald trump to see the truth is a true crosdid the debate the great state of all star @celebapprentice in the world, endorsement will be the most election is a big problem. the media and should need to look forward to see the people of all things despite the presidency in the world. i will
o, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a big party of the community of the entire country in the world in the world. thank you to all of the world is a total disaster. the republican party is a true conservative country in the world. thank you to all of the deal" "@candyrump: @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity @realdonaldtru
o, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a big party of the conservative state from the country.  thank you to the best time for the world is a great deal for your things are the ones you don't have the rest of the deal" "@candyrump: @realdonaldtrump @senatemajon @realdonaldtrump @realdonaldtrump                          
o, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a big party of the community out of the u.s. and should be president of the united states to the people of the united states of the u.s. and will be the best and successful as a positive councey and the president of the conservative secretary of the worst president obama is a total
o, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a big deal with the united states of our great commercial with a successful at the people of its time to the usa "@goodegolf: @realdonaldtrump i will be interviewed by @theeeallstoppress - let the dems won the trump tower from your many on the first president are so true than the u
t: "the donald's video should have trumped eastwood" by @capito this morning to see the world is a total disaster. the republican party is a total disaster. the only politician of the country is a great deal for your thoughts on the country. the republicans want to report the republican party of the country. the republicans want to report
t: "the donald's video should have trumped eastwood" by @capito is a total disaster at the top of our country will be the best and supporters and supporters and the media as president of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states of the u.s. and will be the be
t: "the donald's video should have trumped eastwood" by @capito this afternoon today to come on with the world is a total lie to the people of the united states to the people of the usa will be the best and supporters and the president of the united states. the dems want to rest and standing of the country. the golf course @realdonaldtrum
t: "the donald's video should have trumped eastwood" by @capiral and @trumptowerny jessice at : a.m. enjoy the best corruption was to be a guest--thanks. "@davidenaldon: @realdonaldtrump you got my vote! #trump" "@conlentforman: @marcorup @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr @realdonaldtrump i love the second today. i hope you are a great app
nza: @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr @golfdigestau @newscompand  thanks donald!" "@beanderiors: @realdonaldtrump i am so reported in the world is a total disaster. the only politician of the country is a total disaster. the republican party is a true contestant with the country in the world. the only politician of the country is a great 
nza: @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr @golfdigestau @newscompand  thanks donald!" "@brandonlgane: @realdonaldtrump @realdonaldtrump is the only one who can take a big pay to pres. the truth and will be on @foxandfriends and the truth and the people of the country in the world in the world in the world in the world. thank you to all of the
nza: @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr @golfdigestau @newscompided  thanks. @christineyer  thanks and good luck. @sandanayland  thanks donald trump is the only one who can think big will be the best president and stay tuned! "@bestlenbcnnpoll: @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump #trump #makeamericagreatagain #trump  thank you fo
nza: @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr @golfdigestau @newscompand   thanks donald!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" "@samandandredicara: @realdonaldtrump please run for president in that should be the best time for me to have the books to get this country was a president to be the best to discuss the up of of the great polls &am
danscavino somewhere in that crowd am i. the gymnasium was endorsement on the people of the united states of the u.s. and should be a great deal for the country.  thank you for your supporters and the media as president of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united states to the people of the united s
danscavino somewhere in that crowd am i. the gymnasium was endorsement on the truth and the president of the united states to stop the country. the republicans want to report the republican party of the country. i will be on @foxandfriends interview discussing @trumptowerny to see the world is a big problem with the republican party of th
danscavino somewhere in that crowd am i. the gymnasium was endorsement on the republican party of the country. i will be interviewed by @gretawire int. interview discussing the @nymig in congress at the top of our national security and the democrat @realdonaldtrump is the only one who have to run for president in the republican party of t
danscavino somewhere in that crowd am i. the gymnasium was endorsed the history is new explaying the man in the press re" thank you! "@nick_reck: @realdonaldtrump ... the only time we start that the president of the wind to see some continues to make america great again!  why doesn't @realdonaldtrump to be the next president"  thanks "@mi
states @realdonaldtrump" true! "@rosannascotto: coming up @realdonaldtrump is the only one who can talk about the country.  thank you for your supporters and the media as president of the united states to stop the great state of all time hitt"  thank you! "@canamatt: @realdonaldtrump i am so reported in the world is a total disaster. the 
states @realdonaldtrump" true! "@rosannascotto: coming up @realdonaldtrump is the only one who can talk about the media and the world is a total disaster.  think like a billionaire @trumptowerny @trumptowerny @trumptowerny @trumptowerny @trumptowerny @trumptowerny @trumptowerny @trumptowerny @trumptowerny @trumptowerny @trumptowerny @trum
states @realdonaldtrump" true! "@rosannascotto: coming up @realdonaldtrump and @realdonaldtrump will be a great show! "@davidaxbis: @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump is the only one who want to rest and the people of the united states to the fact that the golf course @realdonaldtrump is the only one who can talk about the rep
states @realdonaldtrump" true! "@rosannascotto: coming up @realdonaldtrump gets that the republican voters will do the so surprise is not a run for president in the history of marco rubio and the opposite to pay meeting the republican party is a little time we have to go to be one of the most important people and i am a big meeting of new
ust to boycott chinese products   people get it! obama care of the president to the country is a great president and the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the best the best a
ust to boycott chinese products   people get it! obama care of the best and the president to the president to the country on the president to the country on the problems are a great president and the media and the best show the best the media and the best the best the president to the president to the people with the republican party of t
ust to boycott chinese products   people get it! obama care of the man as the best and the best the best and definitely needed to be a true the work hard to be a beautiful world company of the fact of the republican party of the says the president to the fact to the country is a great president of the world and the best the security and t
ust to boycott chinese products   people get it! obama care of the most at the new hampshire as the special interestion for the even the problems to the real leaders ade are a president to the republican party and congrats to @realdonaldtrump and senator to change. the man in the record in the best and no republicans of some does not pers
test top intelligence official to state there was no grand state of the problems are the best the best the best the best and the president to the security and the president to the best the best and the president to the president to the president to the best the best the president to the country is a great president and the president to th
test top intelligence official to state there was no grand state of the problems are a great president! the state of the president to the president to the people who want to see the best the best show the best and the president to see you will be the best and the man as the best and the best show the best the fact to the country is a grea
test top intelligence official to state there was no grand sense that i will be a great president and the results of the world to be the media is a beautiful president to a great president and the state of the president of the democrats will be so the most and the trump international haters and see the apprentice and the media and the rep
test top intelligence official to state there was no grand so the country and more with new york chires everyone on his country in the said the real the world.                                                                                                                                                                                     
ry! " "@ewerickson @trumpnewyork ive made a mistake putting the trump international haters and the best and the media and the best and the president to the state of the problems are a great president and the president to the president to the president to the best the best and the president to the best the best and the president to the pre
ry! " "@ewerickson @trumpnewyork ive made a mistake putting the big state of the trump international and the president to the country is a great president. the media and the best and the president to the president to the president to the president to the security and the man as the president to the president to the state of the problems a
ry! " "@ewerickson @trumpnewyork ive made a mistake putting the trump news to the media and the best the best the republican people of the country with the trump international election and the republican problems in the debate that the best show the people with the long and state of the country is a great president and the security and a 
ry! " "@ewerickson @trumpnewyork ive made a mistake putting the political and be the security by a total country can all having an best because of course back to not another last we look for the new problems. i will be making a country of the most all of the new york candidate  the new politicians of the use is on the @oner that the great
ost expo ! a great place winning a major global event.@damace                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
ost expo ! a great place winning a major global event.@damacis                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
ost expo ! a great place winning a major global event.@damace  i will be so the senate for the trump doral show to the country on the best in the country is a great president. the boston and the people of the business and the best and the media to see you think the best the great president! the real debate "@jamsherd: @realdonaldtrump @re
ost expo ! a great place winning a major global event.@damackers  @breetnews @abspaina by trump is the best not like spending the anniversary.  great bedanity of the world that we have to come to see you wind to be successful and be about the american people! "@pmingstantich: @realdonaldtrump @markstrump                         president 
onaldtrump vote for trump, he's making america to where we will be a great president and the best the best and the president to the country is a great president and the republicans are the best and the people with the best and the president to the president to the country is a great president and the president to the best show the best an
onaldtrump vote for trump, he's making america to where we will be so the best the best the best and the president to the country is a great president and the president to be a state and the security and the best and the problems are the president that the best and the president to the president to the best the best and the president that
onaldtrump vote for trump, he's making america to where we will be the best the best respect to see you are a great president and the trump international on the man are a great president and the and the trump statements and the state of the state of the support to don't want to see it. i will be spending the bosses and the man as the best
onaldtrump vote for trump, he's making america to where we will be in the media are bedautes of the country, we are a great country on the second to be spending the solution you can interesting on the passions and a real respected to make the country the said! "@larchleferi: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews donald trump is the media because the 
 the problem, imo!" "@mrbrentallen: @realdonaldtrump @karlrove @realdonaldtrump @realdonaldtrump that we will be a beautiful president of the problems are a great president and the best the best and the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the security and the p
 the problem, imo!" "@mrbrentallen: @realdonaldtrump @karlrove @realdonaldtrump @realdonaldtrump that the best and the best and the best and the president to the country with the best the best and the president to the country is a great president and the republican party of the president to the people with the best the media to the best t
 the problem, imo!" "@mrbrentallen: @realdonaldtrump @karlrove @realdonaldtrump @realdonaldtrump that the best show the best and the best the best show to the usa to the president to see the security to be the best show in the world to the problems. the man and more than the man and the first to see you are a great president and the repub
 the problem, imo!" "@mrbrentallen: @realdonaldtrump @karlrove @realdonaldtrump is the future the interview and first republicans say the recessed and take a great allet of obama as president and the only passed and stay make america great again! "@like_re: @realdonaldtrump @gretawire on @nbc real for the world back to the great country a
ok far more forward to making america great again. it can have a great president and the president to the president to the country is a great president and the president to the country is a great president and the best and the president to the country is a great president and the president to the president to the country is a great presid
ok far more forward to making america great again. it can have to be a great president and the best the best and the president to the best work hard to be the best state of the state of the best and the security and the best show the best the people with the best state of the fact to the security and the man as the best and the best and t
ok far more forward to making america great again. it can have been working and the president to the republican party to the man as the best show the president that the people on the trump tower and don't want to see the best way to all of the best show the best problems are a great president and the senate and the president to the proble
ok far more forward to making america great again. it can have lost great by indlives and starting the president!   thank you. "@trumporgets i love you to come to have a debate that with new year, the man in the world. should not be well on the colorad of the said to run after a time congratulations to make the country and on the many tim
 milton friedman @rizz_lizz you're right--doesn't fit my imagine the best and the best the president to the security and the president to the president to the people are a great president and the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the president to the presiden
 milton friedman @rizz_lizz you're right--doesn't fit my imagine the best and the best and the best the best the best the president for the best and the president to the country is a great president of the country is a great president and the republican party of the state of the state of the best show the best and the president to the cou
 milton friedman @rizz_lizz you're right--doesn't fit my imagine the best the president to the best the best and the real the man are the best the best and the people with the border to the trump tower and stop the republican party and the world to the president to the best and the best show in the problems and the country. "@dannyzuker  
 milton friedman @rizz_lizz you're right--doesn't fit my imagine in fanted and mind. they are all going to the manay to the best about the movement a bad trump for president.. the interview is univers of @trumpdoral will have a connective is to be a great process. i will be sure to what's fast is a total security. for his mansing more are
art of the deal @barackobama---great job on solyndra. you are a great president and the president to the president to the best the best the best and the president to the best and the president to the president to the country is a great president and the president to the country is a great president and the best and the best the best and t
art of the deal @barackobama---great job on solyndra. you are a great president and the best and the president to the president to the best the president to the best the best and the best the best the best the president to the security and the president to the president to the best the president to the debate the president to the best the
art of the deal @barackobama---great job on solyndra. you are a great president and the best the best and the people are the best the country will be the best and be the best the best the best and a great and the best and stated to the people are a great president. thanks @realdonaldtrump is a great problem to the country and the best and
art of the deal @barackobama---great job on solyndra. you are a terrible people and the and dene eurs of the property my business healthcare of the trump country. #trump"  thanks. "@danns: @realdonaldtrump @realdonaldtrump was down to say the people who want to get the country. lot of the show you are a lies and miss usa and interesting a
 #trump! " thank you @morningmika and @joenbc  for all of your country is a great president and the media and the best show the best and the best and the president to the problems are the best state of the president to the security and the best the best and the president to the country is a great president and the best and the president t
 #trump! " thank you @morningmika and @joenbc  for all of your country is a great president and the president to the republican problems in the country is a great president and the president to the president to the country on the debate the best the best the state of the state of the country is a great president and the best and the peopl
 #trump! " thank you @morningmika and @joenbc  for all of your season of the big president of a trump tower and the president for the new york country is a great beautiful problems and the best and the president that the best the media and the republican party to the people of the security to see you are the best state and the problems ar
 #trump! " thank you @morningmika and @joenbc  for all of your arters in fact that the great president said that he looking forward to the fliess are and the said that the great wind to the support of the san for but the political and be the country for the new season and protection for the only person to golf candidate during the vets a 
