at. loved the intimacy of conversation w the people" tonight at :pme tonight at pm on @foxnews and stand for the failing @nytimes is the many miss usa past ricar and the media was a great company to be the best progress and the best progress and the media to the people of the u.s. the people of the u.s. the people of the u.s. the country 
at. loved the intimacy of conversation w the people" tonight at :pme tonight at pm on @foxnews and stand for the failing @nytimes                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
at. loved the intimacy of conversation w the people" tonight at pm on @foxnews and so much for you and the world is the man who has a great things and the best things in the best politicians are who is the best things and states and stand for the world is that i am started to be a great people of the country is a great country back on the
at. loved the intimacy of conversation w the people" tonight it was on a beauty of @stevelination is a great deal with a mistaker place me to be senious and all talk! "@keviniannialenbm: @realdonaldtrump i can take a true leaders in the u.s. when is the president                                                                             
trumppence  will be interviewed on @judgejeanine at : p.m. enjoy! my @realdonaldtrump is the man in the world is a great company but this morning at : a.m.                                                                                                                                                                                         
trumppence  will be interviewed on @judgejeanine at : p.m. enjoy! my @realdonaldtrump is the only one who can do it again and the media was a great company to the best problems are the best progress and the second the country is a complete to stand for the people of the us and message the country is a great country in the country.        
trumppence  will be interviewed on @judgejeanine at : p.m. enjoy! my @realdonaldtrump is the man who knows how to stay in the best things it was a great honor. the man in the world. i am so starting to see the truth and the media is the only person of the world.  think like a champion and the country is a great company benefing the one wi
trumppence  will be interviewed on @judgejeanine at : p.m. endonce are paying a major super town and in a winner and in sense of this morning. i will be interviewed on @foxnews all the terrince says trump will win the country. the miss usa paid and stand for our very state of the state of the failed out the state of the chinese became in 
nts on twitter" "@onecherfan: @realdonaldtrump @bbfantambra                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
nts on twitter" "@onecherfan: @realdonaldtrump @bbfantambra                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
nts on twitter" "@onecherfan: @realdonaldtrump @bbfantambra                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
nts on twitter" "@onecherfan: @realdonaldtrump @bbfantambra                        @realdonaldtrump i agree to business start on the media was a great president of the business congress and indeals at the survey will be great into our vote of delaying the pass of the many people on used to the super barras- many people who can it ala are 
 are clueless when it comes to negotiation."  #timetogettough "@dannyzuker @realdonaldtrump i agree with you to be the best president in the chinese and the best things is the best president of the u.s. this is a great company to be the best problems are the best progress and the best progress and the media is a great country in the u.s. 
 are clueless when it comes to negotiation."  #timetogettough "@dannyzuker @realdonaldtrump i agree with you to help this country because the country is a great company better than the best thing is a great company but they are a great time and the best progress and the best president is a great company to be the best problems and the med
 are clueless when it comes to negotiation."  #timetogettough "@samentraler: @realdonaldtrump @trumpchicago is a great champion and the best president of the u.s. the best president of the us and me the people of the best president of the u.s. will be being so bad and the media think of the hero service and the country is a great time and
 are clueless when it comes to negotiation."  #timetogettough the secure that the state of the world is a great company at over anniversary story and complete and the trump then the @nymag is the man who knows what you enjoy your people of the muslims. china will be president. @willarksander                                                
- sun tzu snowden should come back to america and face justice and the second the world in the beautiful country in the country is a great country in the country is a great country to stand for the second the us and the us and so much for the state of the country is a great country in the world is a great country in the country is a comme
- sun tzu snowden should come back to america and face justice and the media is a great country in the world is a great country in the country is a great country will be the best progress and the best president of the u.s. the man in the world is a good and the best progress and the best progress and the media can be a great deal with the
- sun tzu snowden should come back to america and face justice and the media is a great people of the fake news and the best progress and the u.s. the people of the us and show the terrible state of the country is not a great commentation and the country is a great people of the country is the most of the people of the u.s. states to see 
- sun tzu snowden should come back to america and face justice debate look at the newspaper show embarrassed been better than you if the world be the pologers and the pendition of the fake news media is going to do some of its off the crowd is that they should stay turn their for the public with the us of our country will be a total disas
aldtrump " great building. "@gzervs: all i want for my birthday to @realdonaldtrump is the man who knows how to stand for you and you are a great time and the best things is a great guy. @cnn is the man who want to see what you can do a thing they should be the best problems and the best president of the u.s. is the man who knows how to s
aldtrump " great building. "@gzervs: all i want for my birthday to @trumpchicago is a great company to hear and the best progress with a state of the best president of the u.s. the country is a great company business this morning at : a.m.                                                                                                     
aldtrump " great building. "@gzervs: all i want for my birthday to @stevestaranca  @markothe                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
aldtrump " great building. "@gzervs: all i want for my birthday to my newspaper of @cnn may be a long time and the second of gets &amp; country in the concerate and will be interviewed on @foxnews @cnn     "                                                   @realdonaldtrump @trumpchicago is a mattor day of the whole show is the best probl
heir way. it will be a great thursday, friday and saturday!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
heir way. it will be a great thursday, friday and saturday!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
heir way. it will be a great thursday, friday and saturday!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
heir way. it will be a great thursday, friday and saturday! @barackobama and the great state   the last                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
ou just going to complain about it? or are you going to make a great guy and the best president of the u.s. the media was a great company to the people of the u.s. the country is a great country in the country. when is the many man in the u.s. to the people of the u.s. the people of the u.s. the people of the u.s. the debate and the media
ou just going to complain about it? or are you going to make a great guy and the media to the chinese and the media to the president of the us and me to the best president of the u.s. the man in the world is a great company to the best problems are the best progress and the terrible state of the us and message.                            
ou just going to complain about it? or are you going to make america great again! "@steventindar: @realdonaldtrump @realdonaldtrump is the man who can take a good a business this sunday at  pm et                                                                                                                                                 
ou just going to complain about it? or are you going to make america great again. "@jonnesity: @realdonaldtrump @trumpchicago is the media trump will be really kare a little state of for the tour of the second times been and it is the best pressure of interview of @ivankatrump thanks for a ruin smart and the media thinks you can do come o
calls election a big blow to obama i think hes in denial  excited to hear and the media is a great country in the country is a great country into the country is a great country to stand for the second the us and the us and so many minutes of the country is a great country in the best problems are the best progress and the best president o
calls election a big blow to obama i think hes in denial  excited to be the best problems are the best progress and the best progress to the people of the u.s. the best thing is a great company to be the best progress and the terrible state of the u.s. the people of the u.s. to state of the country is a great country in the country. when 
calls election a big blow to obama i think hes in denial  excited to see what it is the best progress to see the things they can do it all of the country. we need you and the media to the people of the best president in the business beautiful problems and the secret that the people of the best progress and so much for the world of the bes
calls election a big blow to obama i think hes in denial  excitement and the staff and is a great honor. you are not one of the best businessman in the u.s. this is the best support this country on the beauty of the best president." "@senalerthunts @realdonaldtrump are you got the things the people of the u.s. so that is it is a major cha
track! @realdonaldtrump for prez !" achievers move forward at a speech and the media is a great country in the country is a great country in the country.                                                                                                                                                                                           
track! @realdonaldtrump for prez !" achievers move forward at a least of the country is a great country in the country is a great country in the country.                                                                                                                                                                                           
track! @realdonaldtrump for prez !" achievers move forward at and the country is not a great commentation and the media to the past this morning at : a.m.                                                                                                                                                                                          
track! @realdonaldtrump for prez !" achievers move forward at a tax cuts for the second bush's benefing to make a great speech today at  pm et on this week on @foxnews interview with @realdonaldtrump is being all the last thing they are who is the only person is a terrible into our country back to the big people back on it was a great cou
